README.md, before:

# Movie Box

Movie Box is an app that allows userse to browse newly releasd movies in theaters from the Movie Database API http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#

### User Stories


#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (70pts) User can view a list of movies (title, poster image, and overview) currently playing in theaters from the Movie Database API.
- [x] (10pts) Views should be responsive for both landscape/portrait mode.
   - [x] (5pt) In portrait mode, the poster image, title, and movie overview is shown.
   - [x] (5pt) In landscape mode, the rotated alternate layout should use the backdrop image instead and show the title and movie overview to the right of it.
- [ ] (20pts) Improved the user interface by experimenting with styling and coloring.

### App Walkthough GIF
`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walkthough `gif` in the image tag below, `YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE`. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after after adding gif)

<img src="YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

### Open-source libraries used

- [Android Async HTTP](https://github.com/codepath/CPAsyncHttpClient) - Simple asynchronous HTTP requests with JSON parsing
- [Glide](https://github.com/bumptech/glide) - Image loading and caching library for Androids

Commit message:

Added Genre and Ratings to UI

README.md, after:

# Movie Box

Movie Box is an app that allows userse to browse newly releasd movies in theaters from the Movie Database API http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#

### User Stories


#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (70pts) User can view a list of movies (title, poster image, and overview) currently playing in theaters from the Movie Database API.
- [x] (10pts) Views should be responsive for both landscape/portrait mode.
   - [x] (5pt) In portrait mode, the poster image, title, and movie overview is shown.
   - [x] (5pt) In landscape mode, the rotated alternate layout should use the backdrop image instead and show the title and movie overview to the right of it.
- [x] (20pts) Improved the user interface by experimenting with styling and coloring.

### App Walkthough GIF

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/M5pTene.gifv" width=250><br>

### Notes
Looking at what additional things the api provided and deciding what else to include was a balance between realistic and challenging.  
In the end, I settled on also adding genre and rating

### Open-source libraries used

- [Android Async HTTP](https://github.com/codepath/CPAsyncHttpClient) - Simple asynchronous HTTP requests with JSON parsing
- [Glide](https://github.com/bumptech/glide) - Image loading and caching library for Androids
